Experience in work: 
	In Space Research Institute I have passed my Bachelor degree (2010) 
	and now I keep working on my Master degree in Space research specialty. 
	The major point of my science work is to solve direct and reversal radiative 
	transfer problem in relation to the atmosphere of Mars. Since 2008 September, 
	I have developed a complete and reliable software to solve the problem mentioned above, 
	it had been written on C/C++, Fortran 90, Matlab 7 and IDL 6.4. First of all, 
	my software can be used to calculate the solution of direct radiative transfer problem 
	for given conditions of observation and hence obtain multiple spectra of the outgoing 
	thermal radiation in Martian atmosphere. This problem includes well-known radiative 
	transfer equation with thermal sources and multiple scattering, and I was using several 
	stable numerical techniques, like Spherical Harmonic (SHDOMPP) and Discrete Ordinates (DISORT). 
	I have also written complete software to calculate optical properties of aerosol 
	according to Mie scattering theory. This step of calculation is very stable and precise. 
	Given a spectrum, one can solve reversal radiative transfer problem and obtain several 
	important atmospheric properties, such as temperature profiles and aerosol optical depths, 
	iteratively. At this step I was using two different iterative algorithms: Taylor’s Relaxation 
	and Statistical Regularization, which is a part of Rodgers’ formalism. Of course, 
	this step of calculation is also very precise and stable.
	This software can be applied to retrieve and visualize Martian atmospheric 
	temperatures and aerosol optical depths from massacre data, gathered by infrared 
	spectrometers onboard spacecrafts. I have applied my software to process data from 
	Planetary Fourier Spectrometer (PFS) onboard “Mars-Express”, and got quite good results. 
	Using this software, one can retrieve the values of some Martian atmospheric properties 
	for every chosen condition of observation, geography, etc.
	During my science work, I have also analyzed almost every block of data, gathered by PFS, 
	and made almost complete colored maps of Martian atmospheric temperatures and aerosols. 
	On these maps I have recognized a sort of Rossby waves in Martian atmosphere, that is quite 
	good science result, because these waves hadn’t been recognized for Mars (only for Venus) till now.
